Update BigQuery source section with new configuration params (#19)
neo4j/docs-dataflow-connector: dataflow-bigquery/modules/ROOT/pages/job-specification.adoc

  1. the source table can have more columns than what you select in the query;
  2. multiple targets can use the same source, potentially filtering it for a different subset of columns.

> - `query_temp_project` (string, optional) Specifies the project to use for temporary data processing by Apache Beam. If not set, Apache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `query_temp_project` (string, optional) Specifies the project to store temporary query results, processed by Apache Beam. If not set, Apache
```

Reviewer: same below

> - `query_temp_project` (string, optional) Specifies the project to store temporary query results, processed by Apache Beam. If not set, Apache

Reviewer: I'm also not sure if we need to mention Apache Beam, since that's mostly an implementation from the user's perspective. What do y'all think?
